use different operator for units on xray lines (#171)
sunpy/sunkit-spex: changelog/171.bugfix.rst

> - Update the unit attachment operator in :func:`sunkit_spex.legacy.thermal.thermal_emission`.
>   Fixes bug which caused energy units to get squared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes bug which caused energy units to get squared, update the way units are assigned in `~sunkit_spex.legacy.thermal.thermal_emission`.
```

Author: Updated in latest commit
